<h2>Privacy Policy&nbsp;</h2>

<p>Welcome to TEAMPOOLS! TeamPools, Inc. (“<strong>TEAMPOOLS</strong>”, “<strong>we</strong>”, “<strong>us</strong>”, or “<strong>our</strong>”) has created this privacy policy (“<strong>Privacy Policy</strong>”) in order to demonstrate our commitment to you, our user, (“<strong>you</strong>” or “<strong>your</strong>”) regarding your privacy with respect to information that you submit through our mobile applications (“<strong>Applications</strong>”), our website (“<strong>Site</strong>”) and related services through the Application (“<strong>Services</strong>”). Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use (“<strong>Terms of Use</strong>”).</p>

<p> </p>

<p>So we are clear on the terminology we use, “<strong>Personal Information</strong>” means contact information (i.e., your name, address, email address, and/or telephone number), photograph, payment information, and any other non-public information that is used or intended to be used to personally identify an individual, and any other non-public information that is associated with that information. “<strong>Anonymous Information</strong>” means information that is not used or intended to be used to personally identify an individual.</p>

<p><strong>A Note to Users Outside of the United States. BY USING OUR APP OR SERVICES OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH OUR APP OR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED BY US OR ON OUR BEHALF IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY.</strong></p>

<p> </p>

<p><strong>Children.</strong> The Application, Site and Services are not directed to children and children are not eligible to use our Sites and Services. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us.&nbsp; In connection with your use of the Services, you may have the option to provide us with certain Personal Information, such as a phone number and/or photograph.&nbsp; In the event that such Rider is under 13 years of age, by providing such information you affirm that you are such child’s parent or guardian and have all requisite authority to provide us with such information and to authorize us to use such information. You also acknowledge that we will pass such information on to the Drivers who provide your Rides.&nbsp; Drivers will have access to a masked TEAMPOOLS-provided phone number to allow the Driver to communicate with such Riders, including Riders who are children (however, the Rider’s actual phone number, if you choose to provide it, will be masked and will not be provided directly to the Driver), the Rider’s full name, the Rider’s photo, if you choose to provide it, as well as information regarding such Account Passenger’s schedule (if it is the case) (e.g., the activities that the Account Passenger is engaged in immediately prior to or after the Ride). If you choose to provide your Rider’s phone number, Drivers will be able to communicate directly with Riders, including children under the age of 13, over the course of providing a Ride, via voice call and/or text message (through a masked phone number and not the Rider’s actual phone number), as well as through in-person communication.&nbsp; In general, our Services are designed for parents, guardians, and other legally authorized adults, and only parents, guardians and such other legally authorized adults should use our Services.</p>

<p><strong>INFORMATION COLLECTED</strong></p>

<p><em>Personal Information</em></p>

<p>In general, the Personal Information we gather enables us to provide the Services to you. We require certain Personal Information when you register with us, including billing or payment related information so we can process transactions and other information to determine your eligibility to be a Driver, though some of this information may be transmitted directly to our payment processor or other third party service provider. We also collect Personal Information from you when you make or accept requests for Rides and otherwise use our Services. When you send an email or other communicate with TEAMPOOLS, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our Services.</p>

<p>When you download the Application, we may collect your device type, your wireless carrier, and a device ID and we associate this with your Personal Information, though we primarily use this information to support your account and provide you with Services.</p>

<p>In addition, location-based information is collected through the Application, including, but not limited to geographic areas and other traffic and transportation-related data. If you are a Driver, the Application will enable us to collect your GPS coordinates during a Ride. Most GPS enabled mobile devices can define one’s location to within 50 feet. This information will be also associated with the applicable Arranger for any specific Ride. You can choose not to provide us with certain information by disabling this functionality, but this may limit the features of the Application or Services you are able to use. For example, Drivers cannot provide Rides with this functionality disabled. We collect this information for various purposes – including improving and enhancing our Services and for our internal business purposes.&nbsp; If you participate in a contest or giveaway with us, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not).&nbsp; We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity.&nbsp; In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.&nbsp; These contests are voluntary. We recommend that you read the rules for each contest that you enter. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.</p>

<p>To the extent you post Personal Information in comments in a publicly available area of our Services (e.g., feedback and reviews), it will be available to other users of the Services who may use it at their discretion.&nbsp; Please be thoughtful about the information that you post in any forums or comments.</p>

<p><strong>How we gather and use cookies and other anonymous information</strong></p>

<p><em>Information Collected by Our Servers.&nbsp; </em>To make our Application and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.</p>

<p><em>Log Files.</em>&nbsp; As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.&nbsp; This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.&nbsp; We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Services, track users’ movements around the Services, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.&nbsp; For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Application or the Services again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests.&nbsp;</p>

<p><em>Cookies.</em>&nbsp; Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information.&nbsp; “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website.&nbsp; We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience within our Services. This type of information is collected to make the Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.&nbsp; If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Services for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Services or all functionality of the Services.</p>

<p><em>Pixel Tags</em>. In addition, we use “Pixel Tags” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs).&nbsp; Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users.&nbsp; In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages.&nbsp; Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users.&nbsp; We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.&nbsp; We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ Personal Information.</p>

<p><em>Collection of Information by Advertisers.</em>&nbsp; We may use third parties to serve ads on the Services.&nbsp; Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Services (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number).&nbsp; They do this by using Cookies or other technologies.&nbsp; Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Services and the other sites tracked by these third parties.&nbsp; This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Cookies or pixel tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of Cookies and other technologies.&nbsp; If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: <a href="http://www.aboutads.info/choices">http://www.aboutads.info/choices</a>.</p>

<p><em>Mobile Services.</em>&nbsp; We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Application to your mobile device.&nbsp; This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location, how you use our mobile services(s), and information about the type of device you use. This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.&nbsp;</p>

<p><em>Disclosure – Analytics.&nbsp;</em> We may also use third party tracking services to help us analyze how users use the Application and Services.&nbsp; These services collect only the unique device identifier assigned to your mobile device, rather than your name or other personally identifying information, and use it to collect information such as how often users open the Application and what features they use in the Application. Only these services know and associate you (on a non-identifiable basis) with your identifier. For example, Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Services, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Services, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.&nbsp; Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.</p>

<p><strong>USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION</strong></p>
<p><em>How we use the Personal Information we collect</em></p>

<p>Our primary purpose in collecting Personal Information is to provide you with the Services. We may use your Personal Information to:</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Administer your account;</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Determine your eligibility to participate in the Services;</p><p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Assist in the arrangement of Rides;</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Provide the Services and customer support you request;</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Process transactions and send notices about your transactions;</p><p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;</p><p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Use;</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Market our products and services (and those of third parties) to you that we believe may be of interest to you, though we will not disclose your Personal Information in doing so (although we allow advertisers to choose the characteristics of users who will see their advertisements and we may use the attributes we have collected to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements);</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Customize, measure, and improve our Services and Application; or</p><p style="margin-left:.5in"> Send you service update notices, and information based on your communication preferences.</p>

<p>We may also use your Personal Information to create Anonymous Information records by excluding information that makes the information personally identifiable to you.</p>

<p>Our Services are city-specific and can provide helpful information based on where you are. If you tell us where you are (i.e., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may use that information to provide you with location-based information. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can disable location services on your mobile device, please contact your carrier for more information.</p>

<p>You can opt out of receiving certain communications from the Services such as our newsletter by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email or emailing us at legal@TEAMPOOLS.org. Please note that even if you unsubscribe or opt-out, we may still send you order, Application and Service related communications (e.g., emails related to your Rides or comments).</p>

<p><em>Anonymous Information</em></p>

<p>We reserve the right to use Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.</p>

<p><strong>HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION</strong></p>

<p><em>How we share Personal Information with Users</em></p>

<p>As you know, our Services are designed to connect Arrangers and Drivers for Rides. As such, if you are an Arranger, we must share Personal Information about you and the Riders to Drivers and if you are a Driver, we must share some of your Personal Information with the Arranger. You hereby authorize all such disclosures. We request that Users use this information for the purposes of the provision of the obtaining or provide the Ride and not store this information beyond the duration of the individual Ride provided. This information does not include billing information. We process payment with a third-party payment processor and then transmit payment to the Driver.</p>

<p>Please remember that this Privacy Policy addresses only our use and disclosure of information we collect from and/or about you. When you authorize us to disclose information to other Users, the use and disclosure restrictions contained in this Privacy Policy will not apply to them.&nbsp; While we encourage them to comply with our data protection requirements, we will not be responsible if these Users fail to comply with respect to your information. We do not control the privacy policies or actions of third parties, including Users. Any complaints or inquiries regarding use of your information by a User should be addressed directly to the User in question.</p>

<p><em>How we share Personal Information with other parties</em></p>

<p>In addition to the ways we share Personal Information with Drivers, we may share your Personal Information with other third parties in the following manners:</p><p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Third Parties Designated by You.&nbsp; When you use the Services, the Personal Information you provide will be shared with the third parties that you authorize to receive such information, including as set forth above.</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Third Party Service Providers.&nbsp; We may share your Personal Information with our third party service providers that help us provide Services that we offer you.</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Affiliates.&nbsp; We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“Corporate Affiliates”), if we have such Corporate Affiliates in the future, in which case we will require our Corporate Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Corporate Restructuring. We may share some or all of your Personal Information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.&nbsp; In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.</p>

<p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Other Disclosures.&nbsp; Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information (as described below), we may disclose Personal Information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (c) to protect or defend our rights or property or other users of the Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.</p>

<p><em>Disclosure to Third Party Companies.&nbsp;</em></p>

<p>We may enter into agreements with companies that desire access to Personal Information that we collect from you.&nbsp;&nbsp; AS A RESULT, WE MAY PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO SUCH THIRD PARTY COMPANIES.&nbsp; BECAUSE WE DO NOT CONTROL THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THESE THIRD PARTY COMPANIES, YOU SHOULD READ AND UNDERSTAND THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES.</p>

<p>NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS – YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS (AS PROVIDED BY CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1798.83)</p>

<p>If we share Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, then you have the right to receive information about the categories of entities to which we have disclosed such information and the names and addresses of those entities. To submit your written request, please send it to us at legal@TEAMPOOLS.org and put the following words in the subject line of the email: "California Privacy Request." Within 30 days after receipt of your request, we will send you a list of the categories of Personal Information that we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses such third parties, if any. Please note that the California "Shine the Light" law does not cover all categories of information that may be collected and disclosed or shared, and our policy relates only to information covered by the law. Please note that we are required to respond to one request per California user each year and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.</p>

<p><strong>Anonymous Information</strong></p><p>We reserve the right to disclose Anonymous Information publicly without restriction.</p>

<p><strong>YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION</strong>.&nbsp;</p><p style="margin-left:.5in"><!--[if !supportLists]--><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><!--[endif]-->Email Communications.&nbsp; We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Application or Services.&nbsp; When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, which you may not opt out of.</p><p style="margin-left:.5in"><span style="font-size:15pt">●<span style="font-size:7pt">&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></span>Cookies.&nbsp; If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Services for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser,&nbsp; 
by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Services or all functionality of the Services.

<p>Changing or Deleting Your Personal Information.&nbsp; You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in your account by contacting us. If you completely delete all of your Personal Information, then your account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. Please remember, however, if we have already disclosed some of your Personal Information to third parties, we cannot access that Personal Information any longer and cannot force the deletion or modification of any such information by the parties to whom we have made those disclosures. Certain information is necessary in order for us to provide the Services; therefore, if you delete such necessary information you may not be able to use the Services.</p>

<strong>FEEDBACK</strong></p>
<p>If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback in accordance with the terms in our Terms of Use, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy, provided that we may contact you in regards to such feedback.</p>

<p><strong>THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES</strong></p>

<p>The Services may contain links to other websites and services. TEAMPOOL is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Services and does not apply to these third party websites.&nbsp; We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website you visit.&nbsp; You should always use caution and common sense when choosing to provide Personal Information on the Internet, particularly when it comes to information such as credit cards and other payment information. The ability to access information of third parties from the Services is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties, their services, other websites, locations or their contents.</p>

<p><strong>NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES</strong></p>
<p>

This Privacy Policy is subject to revision from time to time on a going-forward basis.&nbsp; We will post any revised version of the Privacy Policy on this page.&nbsp; If we make any material changes to it, we will also send you notice thereof to the last email address or phone number you have provided to us.&nbsp; Continued use of our Services following notice of such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.</p>

<p><strong>ADDITIONAL INFORMATION</strong></p>

<p>Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of the Services should be directed to TEAMPOOL by e-mailing such questions to legal@teampool.org.</p><p>Last Updated: Janaury 1st, 2017</p>
